Add bioinformatic tools (#1)
rereremin/Bioinformatics-Toolbox: README.md

> # Bioinformatics-Toolbox

Reviewer: Очень хорошее README! 
Здорово что добавил примеры - ровно так как и надо.

    '@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:175500:175500': ('GACGCCGTGGCTGCACTATTTGAGGCACCTGTCCTCGAAGGGAAGTTCATCTCGACGCGTGTCACTATGACATGAATG', 'GGGGGFFCFEEEFFDGFBGGGA5DG@5DDCBDDE=GFADDFF5BE49<<<BDD?CE<A<8:59;@C.C9CECBAC=DE'),
    '@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:190136:190136': ('GAACCTTCTTTAATTTATCTAGAGCCCAAATTTTAGTCAATCTATCAACTAAAATACCTACTGCTACTACAAGTATT', 'DACD@BEECEDE.BEDDDDD,>:@>EEBEEHEFEHHFFHH?FGBGFBBD77B;;C?FFFFGGFED.BBABBG@DBBE'),
    '@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:190845:190845': ('CCTCAGCGTGGATTGCCGCTCATGCAGGAGCAGATAATCCCTTCGCCATCCCATTAAGCGCCGTTGTCGGTATTCC', 'FF@FFCFEECEBEC@@BBBBDFBBFFDFFEFFEB8FFFFFFFFEFCEB/>BBA@AFFFEEEEECE;ACD@DBBEEE'),
    '@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:198993:198993': ('AGTTATTTATGCATCATTCTCATGTATGAGCCAACAAGATAGTACAAGTTTTATTGCTATGAGTTCAGTACAACA', '<<<=;@B??@<>@><48876EADEG6B<A@*;398@.=BB<7:>.BB@.?+98204<:<>@?A=@EFEFFFEEFB'),
    '@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:204480:204480': ('AGTGAGACACCCCTGAACATTCCTAGTAAGACATCTTTGAATATTACTAGTTAGCCACACTTTAAAATGACCCG', '<98;<@@@:@CD@BCCDD=DBBCEBBAAA@9???@BCDBCGF=GEGDFGDBEEEEEFFFF=EDEE=DCD@@BBC')
    }
d = filter_fastq(EXAMPLE_FASTQ, (20, 80), (0, 80), 30)

> print(d)

Reviewer: А что такое `d`? :)

И тут я не совсем понимаю что такое `(20, 80) (0, 80), 30`, лучше было бы  эти аргументы передавать не позиционно, а именованно, чтобы наглядно.

#'@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:171075:171075': ('CATTATAGTAATACGGAAGATGACTTGCTGTTATCATTACAGCTCCATCGCATGAATAATTCTCTAATATAGTTGTCAT', #'HGHHHHGFHHHHFHHEHHHHFGEHFGFGGGHHEEGHHEEHBHHFGDDECEGGGEFGF<FGGIIGEBGDFFFGFFGGFGF'),
#'@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:175500:175500': ('GACGCCGTGGCTGCACTATTTGAGGCACCTGTCCTCGAAGGGAAGTTCATCTCGACGCGTGTCACTATGACATGAATG', #'GGGGGFFCFEEEFFDGFBGGGA5DG@5DDCBDDE=GFADDFF5BE49<<<BDD?CE<A<8:59;@C.C9CECBAC=DE'),
#'@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:190136:190136': ('GAACCTTCTTTAATTTATCTAGAGCCCAAATTTTAGTCAATCTATCAACTAAAATACCTACTGCTACTACAAGTATT', #'DACD@BEECEDE.BEDDDDD,>:@>EEBEEHEFEHHFFHH?FGBGFBBD77B;;C?FFFFGGFED.BBABBG@DBBE'),
#'@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:190845:190845': ('CCTCAGCGTGGATTGCCGCTCATGCAGGAGCAGATAATCCCTTCGCCATCCCATTAAGCGCCGTTGTCGGTATTCC', #'FF@FFCFEECEBEC@@BBBBDFBBFFDFFEFFEB8FFFFFFFFEFCEB/>BBA@AFFFEEEEECE;ACD@DBBEEE'),
#'@SRX079804:1:SRR292678:1:1101:204480:204480': ('AGTGAGACACCCCTGAACATTCCTAGTAAGACATCTTTGAATATTACTAGTTAGCCACACTTTAAAATGACCCG','<98;<@@@:@CD@BCCDD=DBBCEBBAAA@9???@BCDBCGF=GEGDFGDBEEEEEFFFF=EDEE=DCD@@BBC')}
```
   
### Additional information

> - The `dna_rna_tools` works **only** with DNA and RNA sequences. If any of the entered sequences contain inappropriate characters or cannot exist, the program print message "It isn't RNA or DNA".

Reviewer: Кажется должно быть так, но я не англичанин
```suggestion
- The `dna_rna_tools` works **only** with DNA and RNA sequences. If any of the entered sequences contains inappropriate characters or cannot exist, the program prints message "It isn't RNA or DNA".
```

- The `protein_tools` works **only** with protein and RNA sequences. If any of the entered sequences contain inappropriate characters or cannot exist, the program will display an error. Sequences can contain characters of any case.
- For the procedure `check_mutations` there are extra requirements for RNA and protein sequences: mRNA sequences must contain **start-codon** and **one of the stop-codons**, protein sequnces must start with **"M"** and ends with **"*"** (stop-codon). 

> ```python

Reviewer: 👍
